https://codepen.io/Cking3/pen/KKdZGpB?editors=1100

 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 -Html that gives meaning to our content.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    - Its used for the structure of our website - marking up our content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    - An attribute provides additional info about an element and we put it in the start tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    - An h1 tag is used to make the largest heading on a page. It should only be used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    - <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    - All of our metadata - document title, external sheets, etc
    7. What is an id? 
    - An id is an attribute thats provides a unique id for an html element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    - Any html element.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    - Only once.
    10. What is a class? 
    - A class is also a form of id for an html element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    - Any.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    - As many times as needed.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    - By using the target=_blank attribute in an anchor tag.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    - Provides a description of the image in case it doesnt load, and for screen readers.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    - By using a # symbol
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    - The section tag is used to group like content together as it relates to a single theme.
        A div does not convey any specific meaning, but is used to group together any content the dev wants.
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    - CSS is used to style webpages and layout presentation.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    - h2{

    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    - An id would be used for a situation where you only needed to target one element and keep it styled without changes.
      A class would be used for a situation where you might want to change many elements, and possibly change them later.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 